Addressing Michael Richardson's comments (part 1) (#43)
thomas-fossati/draft-eat-da: draft-poirier-rats-eat-da.md

The format is designed to be generic, extensible and architecture-agnostic.
Ongoing work on DA concentrates on PCIe devices that support the SPDM protocol {{-spdm}}.
As such, this document focuses on establishing the overall framework and formalizing an Evidence format for SPDM-compliant devices.

> The TVM uses the platform, i.e., PCIe DOE, to transport SPDM packets, but the SPDM protocol uses its own mechanism and messages to guarantee the authenticity and privacy of the information it carries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The TVM uses the platform, i.e., PCIe DOE, to transport SPDM packets, but the SPDM protocol uses its own mechanisms and messages to guarantee the authenticity and privacy of the information it carries.
```

> It defines specific messages for creating and exchanging cryptographic keys between requester and responder for the establishment of secure communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines specific messages for creating and exchanging cryptographic keys between requester and responder to establish secure communication.
```

### TDISP Device Interface Report {#interface-report}

A TDISP Device Interface Report can only be obtained if the device interface has transitioned to the CONFIG_LOCK or RUN state of the TDISP state machine.

> Once in either of those states, the device's firmware ensures that modifications to the interface can't be made by an untrusted party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once in either of these states, the device's firmware ensures that modifications to the interface can't be made by an untrusted party.
```
